P13 - 14

**入门**

### am

第一人称单数

>I am shaohui
>
>I'm shaohui
>
>I'm not shaohui

### is

第三人称单数

>he is, she is, it is
>
>he's she's it's
>
>he's not, he isn't
>
>she's not, she isn't
>
>it's not, it isn't

### are

第二人称，复数

>you are, we are, they are
>
>you're, we're, they're
>
>you aren't, we aren't, they aren't

### Exercises

#### 1.1 Write the short form (she's / we aren't etc.).

1. she is -> she's

2. they are -> they're

3. it is not -> it's not -> it isn't

4. that is -> that's

5. I am not -> I'm not

6. you are not -> you're not -> you aren't

#### 1.2 Write am, is or are

1. The weather <u>is</u> nice today

2. I <u>am</u> not rich

3. This bag <u>is</u> heavy

4. These bags <u>are</u> heavy

5. Look! There <u>is</u> Helen

6. My brother and I <u>are</u> good tennis players

7. Emily <u>is</u> at home. Her children <u>is</u> at school
   1. Her children <u>**are**</u> at school

8. I <u>am</u> a taxi driver. My sister <u>is</u> a nurse

#### 1.3 Complete the sentences

1. Steve is ill. <u>He's</u> in bed
2. I'm not hungry, but <u>I'm</u> thirsty
3. Mr Thomas is very old man. <u>He's</u> 98
4. These chairs aren't beautiful, but <u>They're</u> comfortable
   1. but <u>**are**</u> comfortable
5. The weather is nice today. <u>It's</u> warm and sunny
6. '<u>You're</u> late'. 'No, I'm early!'
7. Catherine isn't at home. <u>Her's</u> at work
   1. <u>**She's**</u> at work
8. '<u>are</u> your coat', 'Oh, thank you very much'
   1. <u>**It's**</u> your coat

#### 1.4 Look at Lisa's sentences in 1A. Now write Sentences about yourself

1. My name is sum
2. I'm 23
3. I'm from ezhou
4. I'm web
5. My favourite colour is yellow
6. I'm interested in computed

#### 1.5 Write sentences for the pictures. Use:

1. She's thirsty
2. They're cold
3. He's hot
4. He's scared a snake
5. They're hungry
6. She's angry

#### 1.6 Write true sentences, positive or negative. use is/isn't or are/aren't

1. It's hot today / It isn't hot today
2. It's windy today / It isn't windy today
3. My hands are cold / My hands aren't cold
4. Brazil is a very big country / Brazil isn't a very big country
5. Diamonds are cheap / Diamonds aren't cheap
6. Toronto is in the US / Toronto isn't in the US

#### Write true sentences, positive or negative. use I'm / I'm not

1. I'm tired / I'm not tired
2. I'm hungry / I'm not hungry
3. I'm a good swimmer / I'm not a good swimmer
4. I'm interested in football / I'm not interested in football
