P31 - 32

am / is / are 过去式

### 规则

is / I 使用was，一单，三单

you / they / we 使用were，复数，二单

### Transform Sentences

#### I am tired

I was tired last night

#### Where is Kate?

Where was Kate yesterday?

#### The weather is good today

The weather was good last week

#### You are late

You were late yesterday

#### They aren't here

They weren't here last Sunday

#### Last year Rachel was 22, so she is 23 now.

Rachel is 23, so she was 22 last year

#### When I was a child. I was scared of dogs

I'm a child, I'm scared of dogs.

#### The hotel was comforable, but it wasn't expensive

The hotel is comforable, but it isn't expensive 

#### Your shoes are nice. Were they expensive?

Your shoes are nice. Are they expensive?

### Short answers

#### Were you last?

Yes, I was

#### Was Tom at work yesterday?

Yes, he was

#### Were Sue and steve at the party?

No, they weren't

### Exercises

#### Where were these people at 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon?

1. were in cinema (were in the cinema)
2. was in Subway station (⭕️) (was at the station)
3. They were in the restaurant (⭕️) (Mr and Mrs hall were in a restaurant)
4. Ben was in the betch (⭕️) (Ben was on the beach)
5. I was at work

#### Write am/is/are or was/were

1. is, was
2. am
3. was
4. were
5. are
6. Is (Was)
7. was
8. are, were

#### Write was/were or wasn't/weren't

1. wasn't, was
2. was, wasn't (❌ were) the banks
3. Were, was, wasn't
4. were
5. weren't, were

#### Write questions from these words + was / were. Put the words in the right order

1. Was your exam difficult?
2. Where were Sue and Chris last week?
3. How much was your new camera?
4. Why were you angry yesterday?
5. Was the weather nice last week?

