P37 - 38

### positive

I was doing

You were doing

He was doing

### negative

I wasn't doing

You weren't doing

He wasn't doing

### question

Was I doing?

Were you doing?

Was he doing?

### Transform

#### What were you doing at 11.30 yesterday? Were you working?

昨天11.30你在干什么？你在工作吗？

#### What did he say?  I don't know. I wasn't listening

他说了什么？我不知道，我当时没有在听

#### It was raining so we didn't go out

刚刚一直在下雨，所以我们没有出门

#### In 2009 we were living in Canada

2009年我们一直住在加拿大

#### Today she's wearing a skirt, but Yesterday she was wearing trousers

她今天一直穿着裙子，但她昨天一直穿的是裤子

#### I woke up early yesterday. It was a beautiful morning. The sun was shining and the birds were singing.

我昨天起得很早，这是一个美丽的早晨，阳光明媚，鸟儿在歌唱

### Exercises

#### Look at the pictures. Where were these people at 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon? And what were they doing? Write two sentences for each picture

1. were at the cinema. They were watching a film
2. was in his car. He was driving
3. Tracey was at the station. She was waiting for a train
4. Mr and Mrs hall were in the park. They were walking
5. I was at home. I was learning English

#### Sarah did a lot of things yesterday morning. Look at the pictures and complete the sentences

1. She was playing tennis
2. She was reading the newspaper
3. She was cooking lunch
4. She was eating breakfast(⭕️ She was having breakfast)
5. She was washing the table(⭕️ She was cleaning the kitchen)

#### Complete the questions. Use was/were-ing. Use what/where/why if necessary

1. What were you doing
2. Was it raining
3. Sue was driving so fast(❌ Why was Sue driving)
4. Was Tom wearing

#### loot at the picture. You saw joe in the street yesterday afternoon. What was he doing? Write positive or negative sentences

1. He was carrying a bag
2. He wasn't going to the dentist
3. He was eating an ice cream
4. He wasn't carrying an umbrella
5. He wasn't going home
6. He was wearing a hat
7. He wasn't riding a bicycle
