这一节讲的是am/is/are的疑问句形式，疑问句分两种

* 一般疑问句 -> 升调

* 特殊疑问句 -> 降调，少部分升调

### am

> am i ?



### is

> is he?
>
> is she?
>
> is it?



### are

> are we?
>
> are you?
>
> are they?



### 疑问句还原

#### 特殊疑问句

> Am I later? -> I'm later
>
> Is your mother at home? -> Your mother is at home
>
> Are your parents at home? -> Your parents are at home
>
> Is it cold in your room? -> It's cold in your room
>
> Are they new? -> They're new.
>
> Where is your mother? Is she at home? -> Your mother is at home
>
> Where are you from? Canada. -> You're from Canada.
>
> What colour is your car? it's red. -> Your car is red.
>
> How old is Joe? He's 24. -> Joe is 24
>
> How are your parents? Are they well? -> Your parents are well
>
> These shoes are nice. How much are they? -> They're 20
>
> This hotel isn't very good. Why is it so expensive? It's so expensive.Because ...



#### 一般疑问句

> Are you tired?  -> You're tired
>
> Are you hungry? -> You're hungry
>
> Is your friend English? ->  Your friend is English
>
> Are these your keys? -> These are your keys
>
> That's my seat. -> Is that my seat?



### Exercises

#### Find the right answers for the questions

>F
>
>H
>
>C
>
>A
>
>E
>
>B
>
>I
>
>D

#### Make questions with these words

> Is your job interesting?
>
> Are the shops open today?
>
> Where are you from?
>
> Are you interested in sport?
>
> Is the station near here?
>
> Are your children at school?
>
> Why are you late?

#### Complete the questions. Use What... / Who... / Where... / How...

> Where's the bus stop?
>
> How old are your children?
>
> How much are these oranges?
>
> What's your favourite sport?
>
> Who's the man in this photo?
>
> What color are your new shoes?

#### Write the questions

> Are you American?
>
> How old are you?
>
> Are you a teacher?
>
> Are you married?
>
> Is your wife a lawyer?
>
> Where's she from?
>
> What's her name?
>
> How old is she?

#### Write short answers

> Yes, I am / No, I'm not
>
> Yes, it is / No, Isn't
>
> Yes, my hands are cold / No, my hands aren't cold (x)(Yes, they are)
>
> Yes, it is / No, isn't
>
> Yes, I am / No, I'm not

