P19 - 20

### 形式

> I am doing -> am I doing
>
> he is doing -> is he doing
>
> you are doing -> are you doing

### 疑问句还原

> Are you feeling OK? -> You are feeling OK
>
> Is it raining? -> It's raining
>
> Why are you wearing a cost? ->  You are wearing a cost because ...
>
> What's Paul doing? -> Paul is doing sth...
>
> What are the children doing? -> The children are doing sth ...
>
> Where's she going? -> She is going to China
>
> Who are you waiting for? -> You are waiting for ...
>
> Are you waiting for Sue? -> You are waiting for Sue
>
> Is he working today? -> He is working today
>
> Where are they going? -> They are going to ...
>
> Are you going now?  -> You are going now
>
> Is Ben working today? -> Ben is working today
>
> Is it raining? -> It's raining
>
> Are your friends staying at a hotel? -> Your friends are staying at a hotel

### Exercises

#### Look at the pictures and write the questions

1. Are you going now?
2. Is it raining?
3. Are you enjoying the film?
4. Is that clock working?
5. Are you waiting for a bus?

#### Look at the pictures and complete the questions. Use

1. Where's she going?
2. What are you eating?
3. Why are you crying?
4. What are they looking at?
5. Why is he laughing?

#### Make questions from these words. Put the words in the right order

1. Are you listening to me?
2. Where are your friends going?
3. Are your parents watching TV?
4. What is Jessica cooking?
5. Why are you looking at me?
6. Is the bus coming?

#### Write short answers

1. Yes, I'm / No, I'm not
2. Yes, I'm / No, I'm not
3. Yes, It is / No, it isn't
4. Yes, I'm / No, I'm not
5. Yes, I'm / No, I'm not

